Kevin Rodgers Code Review (#17)
Fossik/NeighborhoodAssurance: README.md

# NeighborhoodAssurance

A program that allows users to insert an address and return criminal statistics based on the neighborhood.

> This will provide a general idea of crime rate, and a statistical analysis on if the neighborhood criminal 

Author: Nothing really to talk about here, fixed a typo in your readme.

> This will provide a general idea of crime rate, and a statistical analysis on if the neighborhood criminal 

Author: ```suggestion
This will provide a general idea of crime rate, and a statistical analysis on the neighborhood's criminality.
```

> This will provide a general idea of crime rate, and a statistical analysis on the neighborhood's criminality.

Reviewer: I looked up criminality to see if it is a word.  :)
